hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing a quick study with me and
basically this is me doing a piece of
Aris homework which was set I had to
read through the gods illusion and make
notes relating it back to the challenge
of secularism so at the moment I am just
reading through the text writing and
annotating with my own thoughts
[Music]
so I just finished reading through
Chapter 9 of The God Delusion which was
my theology homework and what I've done
this is usually what I do with reading
homeworks because it's just so much
easier than going between the book and
your notes if I just highlight the
things that I kind of want to add into
my notes there are actually bit from
other colors or this bits green this the
other that's because the first time that
I read the book I made highlights and
notes already but I went through this
time and actually highlighted it in
relation to the challenge of secularism
topic on the spec so that so many
highlights of difference and I love
reading Dawkins I forgot how much I
loved this book he's such an engaging
writer no I'm just gonna go through and
break these up so as I said after that I
just put it into my notes and I referred
to the spec to get headings and then my
camera cut out really unfortunately I'm
really sorry about that I didn't realize
until I was editing after I had written
everything up into my notes I decided to
do some extra research to watch a few
videos and things relating to what I
just read and different references that
Dawkins had made in the book and also
gathering some alternate perspectives
which is always very useful so very
short study with me but I hope that it's
given you of motivation thank you for
watching and have a productive week